Now, the aim of this video is to give you an understanding of how
the visualization works and how we can extract
the different object properties. Let's take a look.
So let's take a look at how 3D object visualization actually works.
So as an input we take a vector of bounding boxes,
and let's get clear maybe some aspects about the terminology we use.
So the yellow object detection framework actually produces a set
of regions of interest around certain objects in the scene, such as vehicles.
We use these rectangles,
these regions of interest as the outline of the object in the 2D image coordinate system.
We store this information in a data structure which we termed bounding box.
So a bounding box actually has as a subset of
all the data available within it in this struct,
the region of interest,
the rectangle inside the image.
Later, we augment the bounding boxes by grouping lidar points in 3D space to it.
So actually the bounding box is not only a bounding box in the 2D image,
it's also a bounding box in the spatial domain,
because it has received all those lidar points.
Therefore, what we do is,
by visualizing those bounding boxes in a specific way in this function,
we make them appear as 3D objects in a top view perspective.
But basically in a technical sense,
the bounding boxes which have been augmented with 2D rectangles
from optimization with yellow and lidar points in 3D space,
they are the actual 3D objects,
which we are going to track through the image sequence in the next part of this class.
But for now, we want to visualize them only.
So the first thing we do is,
we create a top view image as we have done so before
with the specific size three channels.
The only difference is that we are now using a white background,
before we have been using a black background.
The next thing we do is we loop over all the bounding boxes,
then we are creating a randomized color for each bounding box.
This line here means that we are initializing
the random number generator with a unique value here,
which prevents us from
repeating ourselves over and over with the same set of random numbers.
This ensures that we will have a unique random number each time we pass this line,
because all the box IDs are unique.
Here the random color is actually generated by calling
the uniform command on the random number generator in the range 0 which is black 250,
which is a black shade of gray.
So we do this in all three color bands,
which gives us a unique color for every object.
Now we are going to plot the lidar points into the top view image.
So this loop here is actually familiar to you already,
we loop over all the data points,
and we take the world coordinates of
the lidar sensor which has been already associated to this bounding box.
Then those three lines here,
what they do they store min-max values.
We're going to use them later on for data output.
But for now, by briefly looking at them,
we store away the minimum value of all lidar points in driving direction in X direction,
and we store the minimum and the maximum value in Y direction,
which is left and right,
which we'll use later to compute the object in space.
But for now we only store them here.
Then we create the top view coordinates.
We have already talked about this here how this is done and why it looks like this here.
Then we find the enclosing rectangle.
So what we want to do is we want to not only draw the lidar point cloud,
but we also want to draw an enclosing frame around it,
which basically denotes the outer perimeter of the respective point cloud.
Then we draw each individual points as a circle as we have done before in the image,
using the randomized color,
which associates all the lidar points to a specific object.
You can easily see them in the image, what happens here.
After that, we draw the enclosing rectangle,
and then we augment all the objects with some key information.
So this one here is basically the ID of the box,
the number of points which have been associated to the lidar point cloud.
The second is minimum distance in driving direction,
and this one here is the width of the object in metric coordinates.
So it's the difference between ywmax and ywmin,
which is basically the width of the object.
Afterwards, we simply plot all these as markers,
which you have already seen before,
and we display the image.
Finally, the bWait flag is simply used for
augmenting a display with several pieces of information.
So if we only wanted to display our 3D objects,
bWait would be true,
because we wanted to wait and look at the image.
But if we would use
the augmented top view perspective with
further information further down the line and the processing queue,
then we would maybe wait until we wait for the user to press a key,
and not do this but first put some pieces of information in.
It's basically an aid for overlaying several pieces of information in the image.
But for now, let's assume waitkey is 0,
bWait would be true,
and this entire code would display the results of the first part of this course,
displaying 3D objects uniquely at at unique points in time.
In the next part of this course,
we want to look at ways to associate
3D objects over time so we can track them through an image sequence.
So congratulations, you have completed
the last exercise from the section and all the lessons in the camera course,
and now you're well prepared for the final project,
which is about to come up.
So get yourself a cup of your favorite beverage, and see you there.